THE STATUTES OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE


               INTERPRETATION ACT 1965




                          2020 REVISED EDITION

           This revised edition incorporates all amendments up to and
  including 1 December 2021 and comes into operation on 31 December 2021.




                          Prepared and Published by
                    THE LAW REVISION COMMISSION
                       UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF
               THE REVISED EDITION OF THE LAWS ACT 1983



     Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                                                          2020 Ed.



              Interpretation Act 1965
                        ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS
Section
    1.    Short title

                                    PART 1
              GENERAL PROVISIONS OF INTERPRETATION
   2.     Interpretation of certain words and expressions
   2A.    Criteria for determining death

                                    PART 2
          GENERAL PROVISIONS REGARDING WRITTEN LAW
   3.     Acts to be public Acts
   4.     Acts to be divided into sections without introductory words
   5.     Schedules
   6.     Subdivisions of Acts
   7.     Forms
   7A.    Examples and illustrations
   8.     Mode of referring to written laws
   9.     Construction in an Act of references to sections, etc.
   9A.    Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic
          materials
   9B.    Changes to style not to affect meaning
  10.     Time of commencement of written law
  11.     Effect of repeal of Act on subsidiary legislation made thereunder
  12.     Repeal of repealing laws
  13.     Repeal of amended law to include amendments
  14.     Repeal and substitution
  15.     References to amended and re-enacted provisions
  16.     Effect of repeal
  17.     Construction of amending Act
  18.     Effect of expiration of written law




                                        1


          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                   Interpretation Act 1965                           2
                                    PART 3
                         SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION
Section
  19.      General provisions with respect to power given to any authority
           to make subsidiary legislation
   20.     Additional provisions as to subsidiary legislation
   21.     Use of defined terms in subsidiary legislation
   22.     Anticipatory exercise of powers
   23.     Commencement of subsidiary legislation
   24.     Judicial notice of subsidiary legislation
   25.     Construction of amending subsidiary legislation
   26.     Acts done under subsidiary legislation to be deemed to be done
           under Act
   26A.    Reference to Act to include subsidiary legislation

                                    PART 4
                      POWERS AND APPOINTMENTS
   27.     Construction of provisions as to exercise of powers and duties
   28.     Power to appoint includes power to dismiss
   29.     Construction of enabling words
   30.     Appointment of officers by name or office
   31.     Official designation to include officer executing duties
   32.     Appointments having retrospective effect
   32A.    Power of majority, quorum, etc., of board, etc.
   33.     Powers of board, etc., not affected by vacancy, etc.
   33A.    Standard investment power of statutory bodies
   34.     Signification of orders, etc., of President
   35.     Signification of orders, etc., of Minister
   35A.    Subsidiary legislation by statutory body, etc.
   36.     Delegation of functions of Minister
   37.     Signing of documents

                                    PART 5
                             PENAL PROVISIONS
   38.     Attempt to commit an offence to be deemed an offence
   39.     Imposition of penalty not a bar to civil action
   40.     Provisions as to offences under 2 or more laws
   41.     Penalties prescribed to be deemed maximum penalties



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
3                            Interpretation Act 1965                           2020 Ed.

                                     PART 5A
            PROVISIONS RELATING TO COURT PROCEEDINGS
Section
  41A.      Process for making applications to Court in civil proceedings
  41B.      Renaming of prerogative orders or writs
  41C.      References to High Court before 2 January 2021
  41D.      References to writs, etc.
  41E.      References to originating claims, etc., in relation to Singapore
            International Commercial Court

                                      PART 6
                               MISCELLANEOUS
     42.    Powers of President, Minister or other authority to appoint
            public officer to serve on board and to appoint chairperson
     43.    Prima facie evidence of signature
     44.    Public officers
     45.    Act for which payment is required need not be performed until
            payment is made
     46.    Fees or charges may be prescribed and may be reduced, varied,
            remitted or refunded
     47.    Proceedings not to abate on death, etc., of official
     48.    The Gazette
     48A.   Service of documents
     49.    Measurement of distance
     50.    Computation of time
     51.    Standard time
     52.    Provision when no time prescribed
     53.    Construction of power of extending time
     54.    Saving of rights of Government
     55.    Act to bind Government


An Act to define certain terms and expressions used in written law
 and to make provision for the construction, interpretation and
 publication of written law and for matters connected therewith.
                                                          [28 December 1965]

Short title
    1. This Act is the Interpretation Act 1965.

            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                   Interpretation Act 1965                       4
                                   PART 1
           GENERAL PROVISIONS OF INTERPRETATION
Interpretation of certain words and expressions
 2.—(1) In this Act, and in every written law enacted before, on or
after 28 December 1965 (but without affecting anything done before
that date) —
      “abet”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions,
         has the meaning given by the Penal Code 1871;
      “Accountant-General” means the Accountant‑General of
        Singapore;
      “act”, in relation to an offence or civil wrong, includes a series of
         acts, and words which refer to acts done are to be construed as
         extending to illegal omissions;
      “Act” or “Act of Parliament” means an Act of the Parliament of
        Singapore and includes any Ordinance or Act of Singapore or
        Malaysia having the force of law in Singapore; and “Act”,
        when used in any subsidiary legislation, means the Act under
        the authority of which the subsidiary legislation was made;
      “advocate” and “advocate and solicitor” mean an advocate and
         solicitor of the Supreme Court;
      “animal” includes bird, reptile, fish and every kind of vertebrate
         animal and the young thereof;
      “appoint” includes re-appoint;
      “Attorney‑General” means the Attorney‑General of Singapore
        and in relation to any function, power or duty of the
        Attorney‑General, includes a Deputy Attorney‑General so
        assigned by the Attorney‑General to perform that function,
        power or duty;
      “Auditor-General” means the Auditor-General of Singapore;
      “Cabinet” means the Cabinet constituted under the Constitution;
      “Chief Justice” means the Chief Justice of Singapore;



            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
5                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

    “citizen of Singapore” means any person who, under the
       provisions of the Constitution, has the status of a citizen of
       Singapore;
    “civil list” means the provision made under the Constitution for
       the maintenance of the President;
    “commencement”, in relation to an Act, means the time at which
       the Act comes into operation in Singapore;
    “common law” means the common law insofar as it is in
       operation in Singapore and any custom or usage having the
       force of law in Singapore;
    “Commonwealth” means collectively the Commonwealth
      countries and includes any colony, protectorate or protected
      state or any other territory administered by any
      Commonwealth country;
    “Commonwealth country” means any country recognised by the
      President to be a Commonwealth country, and “part of the
      Commonwealth” means any Commonwealth country, any
      colony, protectorate or protected state or any other territory
      administered by the government of any Commonwealth
      country;
    “Consolidated Fund” means the Consolidated Fund established
      by the Constitution;
    “Constitution” means the Constitution of the Republic of
      Singapore;
    “consular officer” means consul‑general, consul, vice‑consul,
       consular agent and any person for the time being authorised
       to discharge the duties of consul‑general, consul, vice‑consul
       or consular agent;
    “contravene”, in relation to a provision of a written law, includes
       a failure to comply with a requirement or condition in that
       provision;
    “court” means any court of competent jurisdiction in Singapore;




        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                               6
      “Criminal Procedure Rules” —
             (a) means the Criminal Procedure Rules made under the
                 Criminal Procedure Code 2010 and any other written
                 law by the Criminal Procedure Rules Committee
                 constituted under section 428A of that Code; and
             (b) includes any subsidiary legislation deemed under
                 section 428A(15) of that Code to be Criminal
                 Procedure Rules;
      “Crown Agents” means the persons for the time being acting as
        Crown Agents for Overseas Governments and
        Administrations in the United Kingdom;
      “Deputy Attorney-General” means a Deputy Attorney‑General
        appointed under Article 35A of the Constitution;
      “Deputy Speaker” means the Deputy Speaker of Parliament
        elected under the Constitution;
      “District Court” means any District Court constituted under any
        written law for the time being in force relating to the courts;
      “District Judge” means a District Judge appointed as such under
        any written law for the time being in force relating to the
        courts;
      “export”, with its grammatical variations and cognate
         expressions, means to take or cause to be taken out of
         Singapore by land, sea or air;
      “Family Court” means a Family Court constituted under
        section 5 of the Family Justice Act 2014;
      “Family Justice Rules” means the Family Justice Rules made
        under the Family Justice Act 2014 and any other written law
        by the Family Justice Rules Committee constituted under
        section 46(1) of that Act;
      “Gazette” or “Government Gazette” means the Republic of
        Singapore Government Gazette, and includes any
        supplement thereto and any Gazette Extraordinary;
                                                    [Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
7                      Interpretation Act 1965                         2020 Ed.

    “Government” means the Government of Singapore;
    “Government Printer” means any person authorised by the
      Government to print or otherwise publish written laws, Bills,
      the Gazette, documents of the Government and other official
      documents;
                                                  [Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]

    “High Court” means the High Court established by the
      Constitution;
    “His Majesty”, “Her Majesty”, “King”, “Queen” or
      “Sovereign”, in relation to the United Kingdom, means the
      Sovereign of the United Kingdom for the time being, and
      “His Britannic Majesty” and “Her Britannic Majesty” have
      corresponding meanings;
                                                 [Act 32 of 2024 wef 25/11/2024]

    “immovable property” includes land, benefits to arise out of land
       and things attached to the earth or permanently fastened to
       anything attached to the earth;
    “import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate
       expressions, means to bring or cause to be brought into
       Singapore by land, sea or air;
    “Judge” means a Supreme Court Judge, a Judicial
       Commissioner or a Senior Judge sitting in the General
       Division of the High Court or Appellate Division of the High
       Court, or the Court of Appeal, in accordance with the
       Constitution and the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969,
       or an International Judge sitting in the Singapore
       International Commercial Court, the Appellate Division of
       the High Court, or the Court of Appeal, in accordance with
       the Constitution and that Act;
    “Judicial Service Commission” means the Judicial Service
       Commission constituted under the provisions of the
       Constitution;
                                                 [Act 33 of 2021 wef 14/01/2022]




        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                                8
      “Judicial Service Officer” means an officer in the Singapore
         Judicial Service;
                                                    [Act 33 of 2021 wef 14/01/2022]

      “Legal Service Commission” means the Legal Service
        Commission constituted under the provisions of the
        Constitution;
                                                    [Act 33 of 2021 wef 14/01/2022]

      “Legal Service Officer” means an officer in the Singapore Legal
        Service;
                                                    [Act 33 of 2021 wef 14/01/2022]

      “legislature”, in relation to any part of the Commonwealth,
         means the authority competent to make laws for that part of
         the Commonwealth;
      “Magistrate” means a Magistrate appointed under any written
        law for the time being in force relating to the courts;
      “Malaya” means Singapore and the States of Malaya;
      “Malaysia” means the Federation known as Malaysia;
      “Malaysian citizen” or “Federal citizen” means any person who
        is a citizen of Malaysia by virtue of the provisions of any law
        for the time being in force, or any instrument for the time
        being having the force of law, in Malaysia;
      “master”, in relation to a ship, means any person, except a pilot
        or harbour master, having for the time being control or charge
        of the ship;
      “military”, in relation to Singapore’s military, includes the
        digital and intelligence service of the Singapore Armed
        Forces;
                                                    [Act 24 of 2022 wef 28/10/2022]

      “Minister” means the Minister for the time being charged with
        the responsibility for the department or subject to which the
        context refers;
      “monogamous marriage” means a marriage which is recognised
        by the law of the place where it is contracted as a voluntary


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
9                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

       union of one man and one woman to the exclusion of all
       others during the continuance of the marriage;
    “month” means calendar month;
    “movable property” means property of every description except
      immovable property;
    “national language” means the Malay language;
    “oath” and “affidavit”, in the case of persons for the time being
       allowed by law to affirm or declare instead of swearing,
       include affirmation and declaration, and “swear” in the like
       case includes affirm and declare;
    “Ordinance” means any Ordinance of Singapore, and includes
      any Ordinance of the Colony of the Straits Settlements, any
      Ordinance of the Colony of Singapore or of the State of
      Singapore and any Proclamation having the force of law in
      Singapore; and “Ordinance” when used in any subsidiary
      legislation means the Ordinance under the authority of which
      the subsidiary legislation was made;
    “Parliament” means the Parliament of Singapore;
    “person” and “party” include any company or association or
       body of persons, corporate or unincorporate;
    “police officer” means any member of the Singapore Police
       Force;
    “prescribed” means prescribed by the Act in which the word
       occurs or by any subsidiary legislation made thereunder and,
       in relation to forms, includes being set out in electronic form
       on an electronically accessible server (such as an internet
       website) that is specified in the Act or subsidiary legislation
       in which the word occurs;
    “President” means the President of Singapore and includes any
       person for the time being performing the functions of the
       President under the provisions of the Constitution;
    “public holiday” means any day which is declared to be or
       proclaimed as a public holiday or which under any written
       law is to be observed as a public holiday in Singapore;

        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                              10
      “public officer” means the holder of any office of emolument in
         the service of the Government;
      “public seal” means the public seal of Singapore;
      “public service” means service under the Government;
      “Public Service Commission” means the Public Service
        Commission constituted under the provisions of the
        Constitution;
      “registered”, in relation to a document, means registered under
         the provisions of any written law for the time being
         applicable to the registration of such document;
      “repeal” includes rescind, revoke, cancel, delete or replace;
                                                    [Act 31 of 2022 wef 01/11/2022]

      “Rules of Court” means the Rules of Court made under the
        Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 and any other written
        law by the Rules Committee constituted under section 80(3)
        of that Act;
      “Secretary to the Cabinet” means the Secretary to the Cabinet
        appointed in accordance with the provisions of the
        Constitution;
      “ship” includes every description of vessel used in navigation
         not exclusively propelled by oars or paddles;
      “sign”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions,
         with reference to a person who is unable to write his or her
         name, includes “mark” with its grammatical variations and
         cognate expressions;
      “Singapore” means the Republic of Singapore and is deemed to
         include the Island of Singapore and all islands and places
         which on 2 June 1959 were administered as part of Singapore
         and all territorial waters adjacent thereto;
      “Solicitor-General” means the Solicitor-General of Singapore;
      “Speaker” means the Speaker of Parliament elected in
        accordance with the provisions of the Constitution;



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
11                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

     “States of Malaya” means —
           (a) the States of Johore, Kedah, Kelantan, Malacca,
               Negri Sembilan, Pahang, Penang, Perak, Perlis,
               Selangor and Trengganu; and
           (b) every Federal Territory which before its
               establishment was part of the territory of any State
               mentioned in paragraph (a),
        which constitute part of Malaysia;
     “statutory declaration”, if made —
           (a) in Singapore, means a declaration made under the
               Oaths and Declarations Act 2000;
           (b) in the United Kingdom or any part of the
               Commonwealth other than in Singapore, means a
               declaration made before a justice of the peace, notary
               public or other person having authority therein under
               any law for the time being in force to take or receive a
               declaration;
           (c) in any other place, means a declaration made before a
               consul or vice‑consul or before any person having
               authority under any law for the time being in force to
               take or receive a declaration;
     “subsidiary legislation” means any order in council,
        proclamation, rule, regulation, order, notification, by‑law or
        other instrument made under any Act, Ordinance or other
        lawful authority and having legislative effect;
     “Supreme Court” means the Supreme Court established by the
       Constitution;
     “Supreme Court Judge” means the Chief Justice, a Justice of the
       Court of Appeal, a Judge of the Appellate Division or a Judge
       of the High Court;
     “United Kingdom” means Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
     “value”, in relation to a suit, means the value of the subject
        matter of the suit;


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                                12
      “vessel” includes floating craft of every description;
      “will” includes a codicil;
words importing the masculine gender include females;
words in the singular include the plural and words in the plural
include the singular;
      “writing” and expressions referring to writing include printing,
        lithography, typewriting, photography and other modes of
        representing or reproducing words or figures in visible form;
      “written law” means the Constitution and all previous
        Constitutions having application to Singapore and all Acts,
        Ordinances and enactments by whatever name called and
        subsidiary legislation made thereunder for the time being in
        force in Singapore;
      “Yang di-Pertuan Agong” means the Yang di-Pertuan Agong or
        Supreme Head of Malaysia and includes the Deputy Supreme
        Head of Malaysia or a Ruler of a Malay State, whenever he is
        lawfully exercising the functions of the Yang di‑Pertuan
        Agong;
      “year” means a year reckoned according to the Gregorian
         calendar;
      “Youth Court” means a Youth Court constituted under section 5
        of the Family Justice Act 2014.
                                [9/2003; 42/2005; 27/2014; 41/2014; 42/2014; 19/2018;
                                                                             40/2019]
                                                      [Act 31 of 2022 wef 01/11/2022]

 (2) Where a word or expression is defined in a written law, then,
unless the contrary intention appears, other parts of speech and
grammatical forms of that word or expression, and cognate
expressions, have corresponding meanings in that law.
 (2A) If a written law provides for a definition to apply, the
definition applies unless the context otherwise requires.
                                                      [Act 31 of 2022 wef 01/11/2022]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
13                     Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

 (3) In every written law enacted before 28 December 1965 —
     (a) references to the Colony of the Straits Settlements, the
         Settlement of Singapore, the Colony of Singapore, the
         Colony, the State of Singapore or the State, are to be
         construed as references to Singapore;
     (b) references to the Federated Malay States are, unless the
         context otherwise requires, to be construed as references to
         the States of Malaya;
     (c) references to the Governor of the Malayan Union are to be
         construed as references to the Yang di‑Pertuan Agong;
     (d) references to the Malayan Union are to be construed as
         references to Malaysia or the territories comprised therein,
         as the case may require;
     (e) references to the Chief Justice or to any court, judge or
         magistrate of the Malayan Union or of the Federated Malay
         States or of any of the Malay States are to be construed as
         references to the Chief Justice or to the corresponding
         court, judge or magistrate of Malaysia or the territories
         comprised therein, as the case may require;
      (f) references to any officer of, or authority or body
          constituted in or for, the Federated Malay States, any
          Malay State or the Malayan Union are to be construed as
          references to the corresponding officer of, or authority or
          body constituted in or for, Malaysia or the territories
          comprised therein, as the case may require;
     (g) references to the Assembly or the Legislative Assembly
         are to be construed as references to the Parliament;
     (h) references to the Yang di-Pertuan Negara are to be
         construed as references to the President;
      (i) references to the Federal Minister are to be construed as
          references to the appropriate Minister of Singapore;
      (j) references to the State Advocate‑General are to be
          construed as references to the Attorney‑General;



        Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                    Interpretation Act 1965                     14
           (k) references to the High Court in Singapore are to be
               construed as references to the High Court of Singapore;
               and
           (l) references to a Judge of the High Court and the Registrar of
               the High Court are to be construed as references to a Judge
               of the Supreme Court and the Registrar of the Supreme
               Court, respectively.
 (4) [Deleted by Act 5 of 2014]
 (5) Where an Act authorises or requires any document to be served
by post, whether the word “serve”, “give” or “send” or any other
word is used, then, unless a contrary intention appears, the service is
deemed to be effected by properly addressing, prepaying and posting
a letter containing the document, and, unless the contrary is proved, is
deemed to have been effected at the time at which the letter would be
delivered in the ordinary course of post.
 (6) [Deleted by Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]

Criteria for determining death
 2A.—(1) For all purposes, a person has died when there has
occurred either —
       (a) irreversible cessation of circulation of blood and
           respiration in the body of the person; or
       (b) total and irreversible cessation of all functions of the brain
           of the person.
 (2) The determination of the irreversible cessation of circulation of
blood and respiration in the body of a person must, subject to
subsection (5), be made in accordance with the ordinary standards of
current medical practice.
 (3) The determination of the total and irreversible cessation of all
functions of the brain of a person must, subject to subsections (4) and
(6), be made in accordance with the prescribed criteria.
 (4) Except in the circumstances referred to in subsection (6), the
determination of the total and irreversible cessation of all functions of



             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
15                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

the brain of a person must be certified in the prescribed form by
2 medical practitioners —
      (a) at least one of whom has not been involved in the care or
          treatment of the person so certified; and
      (b) who possess the prescribed postgraduate medical
          qualifications.
 (5) If the death of a person from whose body an organ is to be
removed after his or her death as authorised under the Human Organ
Transplant Act 1987 or the Medical (Therapy, Education and
Research) Act 1972 is determined by the irreversible cessation of
circulation of blood and respiration in the body of that person, the
person’s death must be certified in the prescribed form by 2 medical
practitioners —
      (a) who have not been involved in the care or treatment of the
          person so certified;
      (b) who do not belong to the team of medical practitioners that
          will effect the removal of the organ from the body;
      (c) who have not been involved in the selection of the
          proposed recipient of the organ; and
      (d) who will not be involved in the care or treatment of the
          proposed recipient of the organ during his or her
          hospitalisation for the purpose of the transplant.
 (6) If the death of a person from whose body an organ is to be
removed after his or her death as authorised under the Human Organ
Transplant Act 1987 or the Medical (Therapy, Education and
Research) Act 1972 is determined by the total and irreversible
cessation of all functions of the brain of that person, the person’s
death must be certified in the prescribed form by 2 medical
practitioners —
      (a) who have not been involved in the care or treatment of the
          person so certified;
      (b) who do not belong to the team of medical practitioners that
          will effect the removal of the organ from the body;



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                    Interpretation Act 1965                           16
           (c) who have not been involved in the selection of the
               proposed recipient of the organ;
       (d) who will not be involved in the care or treatment of the
           proposed recipient of the organ during his or her
           hospitalisation for the purpose of the transplant; and
           (e) who possess the prescribed postgraduate medical
               qualifications.
 (7) The Minister may, for the purposes of all laws or any specified
written law, by regulations prescribe —
       (a) the criteria for determining the total and irreversible
           cessation of all functions of the brain of a person
           mentioned in subsections (1)(b) and (3); and
       (b) the postgraduate medical qualifications and form of the
           death certificate for the purposes of subsection (4), (5)
           or (6).
 (8) Nothing in this section —
       (a) affects the operation of section 110 of the Evidence
           Act 1893 (burden of proving that a person is alive who has
           not been heard of for 7 years), section 100 of the Women’s
           Charter 1961 (proceedings for interim judgment of
           presumption of death and divorce) or any other written
           law relating to the presumption of death;
       (b) prevents the certification or determination of death in a
           case where the body of a person is not found or recovered.
                                                                        [42/2005]

 (9) In this section, “medical practitioner” means a person who is
registered, or deemed to be registered, as a medical practitioner under
the Medical Registration Act 1997.




             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
17                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

                                PART 2
     GENERAL PROVISIONS REGARDING WRITTEN LAW
Acts to be public Acts
 3. Every Act is a public Act, and is to be judicially noticed as such
unless the contrary is expressly provided by the Act.

Acts to be divided into sections without introductory words
 4. All Acts are to be divided into sections, if there be more
enactments than one, which sections are deemed to be substantive
enactments without any introductory words.

Schedules
 5. Every Schedule to an Act, together with any note thereto, is to be
construed and has effect as part of the Act.

Subdivisions of Acts
 6. When an Act is divided into Parts, Chapters, titles or other
subdivisions, the fact and particulars of the division are, with or
without express mention thereof in the Act, to be taken notice of in all
courts and for all purposes.

Forms
 7. Except as is otherwise expressly provided, whenever forms are
prescribed, slight deviations therefrom, not affecting the substance or
calculated to mislead, do not invalidate them.

Examples and illustrations
 7A. Where an Act includes an example or illustration of the
operation of a provision —
      (a) the example or illustration is not to be taken as exhaustive;
          and
      (b) if the example or illustration is inconsistent with the
          provision, the provision prevails.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                             18
Mode of referring to written laws
 8.—(1) It is sufficient for all purposes to refer to a written law —
       (a) in the case of an Act —
              (i) by the year of its enactment and its number among
                  the Acts enacted in that year;
             (ii) where the Act, as enacted or revised, provides that it
                  may be cited by a short title — by that short title; and
            (iii) where the Act is a revised edition published before
                  1 March 2021 under any law providing for a revised
                  edition — by its chapter number and the year of the
                  revised edition; and
       (b) in the case of a piece of subsidiary legislation that, as made
           or revised, provides for the manner of its citation — by that
           citation.
                                                                         [4/2021]

 (2) A reference for the purposes of subsection (1) may be made
according to copies of written laws purporting to be printed or
published by the Government Printer.
                                                                         [4/2021]
                                                    [Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]

  (3) Unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a written
law in accordance with subsection (1) is to be read as a reference to
the written law as amended from time to time by any other written
law.
                                                                         [4/2021]

 (4) Where —
       (a) a written law is referred to by its short title or citation,
           whether in any other written law or in any document; and
       (b) the short title or citation is subsequently changed,
the reference is to be read, unless the contrary intention appears, as a
reference to the changed short title or citation.
                                                                         [4/2021]




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
19                       Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

Construction in an Act of references to sections, etc.
  9.—(1) Where in any Act there is a reference to a section, Part,
Chapter or Schedule by number or letter only, and not in conjunction
with the title or number of an Act, the reference is to be construed as a
reference to the section, Part, Chapter or Schedule of that number or
letter contained in the Act in which the reference occurs.
 (2) Where in any section of an Act there is a reference to a
subsection, paragraph or sub‑paragraph by number or letter only, the
reference is to be construed as a reference to the subsection,
paragraph or sub‑paragraph of that number or letter contained in
the section in which the reference occurs.
  (3) This section applies, with suitable modification, to subsidiary
legislation.

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic
materials
 9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying
the written law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in
the written law or not) is to be preferred to an interpretation that
would not promote that purpose or object.
 (2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is
capable of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the
provision, consideration may be given to that material —
      (a) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary
          meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
          account its context in the written law and the purpose or
          object underlying the written law; or
      (b) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when —
             (i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or
            (ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the
                 provision taking into account its context in the
                 written law and the purpose or object underlying the


          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                     Interpretation Act 1965                             20
                     written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd
                     or unreasonable.
 (3) Without limiting subsection (2), the material that may be
considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of
a provision of a written law includes —
       (a) all matters not forming part of the written law that are set
           out in the document containing the text of the written law
           as purporting to be printed or published by the Government
           Printer;
                                                       [Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]

       (b) any explanatory statement relating to the Bill containing
           the provision;
           (c) the speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the
               occasion of the moving by that Minister of a motion that
               the Bill containing the provision be read a second time in
               Parliament;
       (d) any relevant material in any official record of debates in
           Parliament;
           (e) any treaty or other international agreement that is referred
               to in the written law; and
           (f) any document that is declared by the written law to be a
               relevant document for the purposes of this section.
 (4) In determining whether consideration should be given to any
material in accordance with subsection (2), or in determining the
weight to be given to any such material, regard must be had, in
addition to any other relevant matters, to —
       (a) the desirability of persons being able to rely on the
           ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision
           taking into account its context in the written law and the
           purpose or object underlying the written law; and
       (b) the need to avoid prolonging legal or other proceedings
           without compensating advantage.




              Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
21                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

Changes to style not to affect meaning
 9B. Where —
      (a) a provision of an Act has expressed an idea in a particular
          form of words; and
      (b) a revised edition or a later provision of that Act, or a later
          Act, appears to have expressed the same idea in a different
          form of words for the purpose of using a clearer style,
the ideas are not to be taken to be different merely because different
forms of words were used.
                                                                    [4/2021]

Time of commencement of written law
 10.—(1) A written law or a provision of a written law comes into
operation —
      (a) where a particular day for its coming into operation is
          specified by the written law or by a notification made
          under the written law — on the expiration of the previous
          day; or
      (b) where the day of its coming into operation is the date of its
          publication in the Gazette — on the expiration of the
          previous day.
 (2) Where a written law is to come into operation on a day specified
by a notification made under the written law, the notification may
specify different days for different provisions of the written law to
come into operation.

Effect of repeal of Act on subsidiary legislation made
thereunder
  11. Where any Act or part of an Act is repealed, subsidiary
legislation issued under or made in virtue thereof remains in force so
far as it is not inconsistent with the repealing Act and unless the
contrary intention appears until it has been revoked or replaced by
subsidiary legislation issued or made under the provisions of the
repealing Act.



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                     22
Repeal of repealing laws
 12. Where any written law repealing in whole or in part any former
written law is itself repealed, the last repeal does not revive the
written law or the provisions previously repealed, unless words are
added reviving that written law or those provisions.

Repeal of amended law to include amendments
  13. Where any written law which has been amended by any other
written law is itself repealed, the repeal is deemed to include the
repeal of all written laws or parts of written laws by which the
firstmentioned written law has been amended.

Repeal and substitution
 14. Where a written law repeals wholly or in part any former
written law and substitutes other provision therefor, the repealed
written law remains in force until the substituted provision comes into
operation.

References to amended and re-enacted provisions
  15.—(1) Where in any written law a reference is made to another
written law, the reference is, except where the context otherwise
requires, deemed to include a reference to the last mentioned written
law as the same may from time to time be amended.
 (2) Where any written law repeals and re-enacts, with or without
modification, any provision of a former written law, then, unless the
contrary intention appears —
       (a) any reference in any other written law to the provision so
           repealed is to be construed as a reference to the provision
           so re‑enacted;
       (b) insofar as any subsidiary legislation made or other thing
           done under the provision so repealed, or having effect as if
           so made or done, could have been made or done under the
           provision so re‑enacted, it has effect as if made or done
           under that provision.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
23                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

Effect of repeal
 16.—(1) Where a written law repeals in whole or in part any other
written law, then, unless the contrary intention appears, the repeal
does not —
      (a) revive anything not in force or existing at the time at which
          the repeal takes effect;
      (b) affect the previous operation of any written law so repealed
          or anything duly done or suffered under any written law so
          repealed;
      (c) affect any right, privilege, obligation or liability acquired,
          accrued or incurred under any written law so repealed;
      (d) affect any penalty, forfeiture or punishment incurred in
          respect of any offence committed against any written law
          so repealed; or
      (e) affect any investigation, legal proceeding or remedy in
          respect of any such right, privilege, obligation, liability,
          penalty, forfeiture or punishment as aforesaid; and any
          such investigation, legal proceeding or remedy may be
          instituted, continued or enforced, and any such penalty,
          forfeiture or punishment may be imposed, as if the
          repealing law had not been passed.
 (2) A reference in this section to the repeal of a written law in whole
or in part includes a reference to —
      (a) a repeal effected by implication;
      (b) the abrogation or limitation of the effect of the written law
          or part; and
      (c) the exclusion of the application of the written law or part to
          any person, subject matter or circumstance.
 (3) Where a written law expires, lapses or otherwise ceases to have
effect, this section applies as if the written law had been repealed by
another written law.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                     24
 (4) A reference in this section to a part of a written law includes a
reference to any provision of, or words, figures, drawings or symbols
in, the written law.

Construction of amending Act
 17. Where an Act amends or adds to any Act, the amending Act is,
so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, and unless the contrary
intention appears, to be construed as one with the amended Act and as
part thereof.

Effect of expiration of written law
 18. The expiration of a written law does not affect any civil or
criminal proceeding previously commenced under the written law,
but every such proceeding may be continued and everything in
relation thereto may be done in all respects as if the written law
continued in force.


                                  PART 3
                     SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION
General provisions with respect to power given to any
authority to make subsidiary legislation
 19. When any Act confers powers on any authority to make
subsidiary legislation, the following provisions have effect with
reference to the making and operation of the subsidiary legislation
unless the contrary intention appears:
       (a) subsidiary legislation may at any time be amended, varied,
           rescinded or revoked by the same authority and in the same
           manner by and in which it was made subject to the
           following provisions:
              (i) where any Act is to come into operation on a date to
                  be fixed by subsidiary legislation, the power to make
                  the subsidiary legislation does not include the power
                  of amending, revoking or suspending the same; and
             (ii) where the authority has been replaced wholly or
                  partially by another authority, the power conferred

           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
25                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

                herein upon the original authority may be exercised
                by the replacing authority concerning all matters or
                things within its jurisdiction as if it were the original
                authority;
     (b) when any Act confers powers on any authority to make
         subsidiary legislation for any general purpose, and also for
         any special purpose incidental thereto, the enumeration of
         the special purposes does not derogate from the generality
         of the powers conferred with reference to the general
         purpose; and
      (c) subsidiary legislation made under an Act must not be
          inconsistent with the provisions of any Act.

Additional provisions as to subsidiary legislation
 20. The following provisions also apply to subsidiary legislation:
     (a) authority to make subsidiary legislation includes —
            (i) authority to provide that a contravention thereof shall
                be punishable by a fine not exceeding $2,000 or with
                imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or
                both as may be specified in the subsidiary legislation;
           (ii) authority to amend any forms prescribed by the
                written law under which the subsidiary legislation
                was made;
          (iii) authority to prescribe new forms for the purpose
                thereof and for the purpose of the subsidiary
                legislation; and
           (iv) authority to provide for the manner and method in
                which any document, record, application, permit,
                approval or licence may be submitted, issued or
                served by electronic means, or for the authentication
                thereof;
     (b) authority to provide for fees and charges shall include
         authority to provide for —



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                     Interpretation Act 1965                             26
                 (i) the determination of the manner and method of
                     payment and the reduction, waiver or refund thereof,
                     either generally or in any particular event or case or
                     class of cases or in the discretion of any person; and
                (ii) the imposition of —
                      (A) charges and penalties for the late payment
                          thereof; and
                      (B) interest on any outstanding amount of any fee,
                          charge or penalty referred to in this paragraph
                          or for any payment thereof by instalment; and
                                                       [Act 4 of 2008 wef 01/04/2024]

           (c) a reference in a written law to another written law includes
               a reference to any subsidiary legislation made thereunder.

Use of defined terms in subsidiary legislation
  21. Where any Act confers powers to make any subsidiary
legislation, expressions used in the subsidiary legislation have the
same meanings as in the Act conferring the power, unless the contrary
intention appears.

Anticipatory exercise of powers
 22. Where an Act or any part thereof does not come into operation
immediately on its passing and the Act or that part confers power (or
amends another Act to confer power) to make subsidiary legislation
or to make appointments or to issue notifications or to prescribe forms
or to do any other thing for the purposes of the Act or that part (or the
Act being amended), then, unless the contrary intention appears, the
power may be exercised and any subsidiary legislation, appointment,
form or thing made, issued, prescribed or done under the power may
be made, issued, prescribed or done so as to take effect at any time
after the passing of the Act so far as may be necessary or expedient
for the purpose of —
       (a) bringing the Act or that part into operation; or




              Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
27                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

      (b) giving full effect to the Act or that part (or the other Act as
          amended) on or after the day on which it comes into
          operation.
                                                                    [4/2021]

Commencement of subsidiary legislation
 23.—(1) Subsidiary legislation made under any Act or other lawful
authority —
      (a) unless it is otherwise expressly provided in any Act, must
          be published in the Gazette; and
      (b) unless it is otherwise provided in the subsidiary legislation,
          takes effect and comes into operation on the date of its
          publication.
 (2) Any such subsidiary legislation may be made to operate
retrospectively to any date not being a date earlier than the
commencement of the Act or the establishment of the authority by
or under which the subsidiary legislation is made.

Judicial notice of subsidiary legislation
 24. Judicial notice is to be taken of all subsidiary legislation made
or purporting to be made under any Act or other lawful authority.

Construction of amending subsidiary legislation
  25. Where subsidiary legislation amends other subsidiary
legislation, the amending subsidiary legislation is, so far as is
consistent with the tenor thereof and unless the contrary intention
appears, to be construed as one with the amended subsidiary
legislation.

Acts done under subsidiary legislation to be deemed to be done
under Act
 26. An act is deemed to be done under any Act or by virtue of the
powers conferred by any Act or in pursuance or execution of the
powers of, or under the authority of any Act, if it is done under, or by
virtue of, or in pursuance of, subsidiary legislation made under any
power contained in the Act.


         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                     28
Reference to Act to include subsidiary legislation
 26A. Unless the contrary intention appears, a reference in any
written law to an Act is to be construed so as to include a reference to
any subsidiary legislation made under that Act.

                                  PART 4
                  POWERS AND APPOINTMENTS
Construction of provisions as to exercise of powers and duties
 27.—(1) Where a written law confers a power or imposes a duty,
then, unless the contrary intention appears, the power may be
exercised and the duty must be performed from time to time as
occasion requires.
 (2) Where a written law confers a power or imposes a duty on the
holder of an office as such, then, unless the contrary intention
appears, the power may be exercised and the duty must be performed
by the holder of the office for the time being or by a person duly
appointed to act for him or her.
 (3) Where any Act confers a power to make subsidiary legislation,
to issue any order or to do any act, the power is, unless the contrary
intention appears, to be construed as including the power exercisable
in like manner and subject to the like consent and conditions (if any)
to amend, vary, rescind, revoke or suspend the subsidiary legislation
made or order issued or any part thereof or to abstain from doing the
act.

Power to appoint includes power to dismiss
 28.—(1) Where a written law confers upon any person or authority
a power to make appointments to any office or place, the power is,
unless the contrary intention appears, to be construed as including a
power to dismiss or suspend any person appointed and to appoint
another person temporarily in the place of any person so suspended or
in place of any sick or absent holder of the office or place.
 (2) Where the power of the person or authority to make
appointments is only exercisable upon the recommendation or


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
29                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

subject to the approval or consent of some other person or authority,
the power of dismissal is, unless the contrary intention appears, only
exercisable upon the recommendation or subject to the approval or
consent of that other person or authority.

Construction of enabling words
 29.—(1) Where a written law confers powers on any person to do or
enforce the doing of any act or thing, such powers are to be
understood to be also conferred as are reasonably necessary to enable
the person to do or enforce the doing of the act or thing.
 (2) Without limiting subsection (1) —
      (a) a power to prohibit or to control or to regulate any matter
          includes power to provide for the same by the licensing
          thereof and power to prohibit acts whereby the
          prohibitions, control or regulations affecting the matter
          might be evaded;
      (b) a power to grant a licence, permit, authority, approval or
          exemption includes power to impose reasonable conditions
          subject to which the licence, permit, authority, approval or
          exemption may be granted.

Appointment of officers by name or office
 30.—(1) Where by or under any Act, the President, a Minister or
any public officer or body is empowered to appoint or name a person
to have and exercise any powers or perform any duties, the President,
Minister, public officer or body may either appoint a person by name
or direct the person for the time being holding the office designated
by the President, Minister, public officer or body to have and exercise
those powers and perform those duties.
 (2) Thereupon, or from the date specified by the President,
Minister, public officer or body, the person appointed by name or
the person holding the office as mentioned in subsection (1) has and
may exercise those powers or perform those duties accordingly.
 (3) Any such appointment may be made with retrospective effect to
any date not being a date earlier than the commencement of the Act
under which the appointment is made.

         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                      30
Official designation to include officer executing duties
  31. When reference is made in any written law, instrument, warrant
or process of any kind made or issued by the President, a Minister,
any public officer or body or person having authority under any
written law to make or to issue the same to any public officer by the
term designating his or her office, such public officer includes the
officer for the time being executing the duties of that office or any
portion of those duties.

Appointments having retrospective effect
 32. Any appointment may be declared to have effect as from the
date upon which the appointee commenced to exercise the powers
and discharge the duties of his or her appointment, not being a date
earlier than the date of the commencement of the written law under
which the appointment is made.

Power of majority, quorum, etc., of board, etc.
 32A.—(1) Where a written law confers a power or function or
imposes a duty upon a statutory body consisting of 3 or more persons,
the power may be exercised, or the function or duty may be
performed, by a majority of those persons.
 (2) Where a statutory body consists of 3 or more persons —
       (a) a quorum is constituted at a meeting of the body by a
           number of members of the body equal to —
              (i) if the written law establishing the body fixes the
                  number of members of the body — at least half of
                  that number of members; and
             (ii) if the number of persons is not so fixed but is within a
                  range having a maximum or minimum — at least
                  half of the number of members in office; and
       (b) an act or thing done by a majority of the members of the
           body present at the meeting, if those members constitute a
           quorum, is to be regarded as having been done by the body.




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
31                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

 (3) At a meeting of a statutory body, the chairperson or other
member presiding has a casting as well as a deliberative vote in all
matters in which a decision is taken by vote.
 (4) This section is subject to any provision to the contrary in any
written law.
 (5) In this section, “statutory body” means a board, commission,
committee or similar body, whether corporate or unincorporate,
established under a written law.

Powers of board, etc., not affected by vacancy, etc.
 33. Where by or under any Act, any board, commission, committee
or similar body, whether corporate or unincorporate, is established,
then, unless the contrary intention appears, the powers of such board,
commission, committee or similar body are not affected by —
      (a) any vacancy in the membership thereof;
      (b) the fact that it is afterwards discovered that there was some
          defect in the appointment or qualification of a person
          purporting to be a member thereof; or
      (c) the fact that there was any minor irregularity in the
          convening of any meeting thereof.

Standard investment power of statutory bodies
 33A. Where any written law confers on a statutory body the power
to invest any moneys in accordance with the standard investment
power of statutory bodies, then, subject to any general or special
directions as the Minister charged with responsibility for that
statutory body may issue, that statutory body may —
      (a) invest those moneys in the manner it thinks fit; and
      (b) engage in any financial activity or participate in any
          financial arrangement for the purpose of managing or
          hedging against any financial risk that arises or is likely to
          arise from such investment.
                                                                    [45/2004]




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                          32
Signification of orders, etc., of President
 34.—(1) Where any power is conferred upon the President to make
any subsidiary legislation or appointment, give any direction, issue
any order, authorise any thing or matter to be done, grant any
exemption, remit any fee or penalty or exercise any other power
under any written law, it is sufficient if the exercise of such power by
the President is signified under the hand of any Minister or the
Secretary to the Cabinet.
  (2) Subsection (1) does not apply to the power of the President to
make or issue any warrants or proclamations which may be made or
issued only under the hand of the President himself or herself.

Signification of orders, etc., of Minister
 35. Where any written law confers upon a Minister power to make
any subsidiary legislation or appointment, give any direction, issue
any order, authorise any thing or matter to be done, grant any
exemption, remit any fee or penalty or exercise any other power, it is
sufficient, unless in the written law it is otherwise provided, if the
exercise of such power by the Minister is signified under the hand of
the Permanent Secretary to the Ministry for which the Minister is
responsible or of any public officer duly authorised in writing by the
Minister.

Subsidiary legislation by statutory body, etc.
  35A.—(1) Where a statutory body is permitted by any written law
to delegate the performance of any of the statutory body’s functions
or the exercise of any of the statutory body’s powers, that power to
delegate does not extend to the power to make any subsidiary
legislation.
                                                                      [5/2018]

  (2) Where any Act confers upon a statutory body power to make
subsidiary legislation, it is sufficient, unless in such Act it is
otherwise provided, if the exercise of that power by the statutory body
is signified under the hand of —
       (a) the chairperson of the statutory body; or



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
33                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

      (b) a member of the statutory body duly authorised by that
          body to do so in place of the chairperson.
                                                                    [5/2018]

Delegation of functions of Minister
 36.—(1) Where an Act confers or imposes a function on a Minister
(called in this section the responsible Minister), the Minister may
delegate the function in accordance with this section.
 (2) Unless any Act expressly provides otherwise, the function may,
with the Prime Minister’s approval, be delegated to any Minister,
Minister of State or Parliamentary Secretary assigned by the Prime
Minister to assist the responsible Minister.
 (3) Unless the contrary intention appears in any Act, the function
may be delegated to a public body or a public officer.
 (4) Where a function is delegated under this section —
      (a) the delegate may or must (as the case may be) exercise the
          function; and
      (b) if the Act that created the function provides that the
          exercise of the function depends on the Minister’s opinion,
          belief or state of mind, the delegate may exercise the
          function based on the delegate’s opinion, belief or state of
          mind.
 (5) A delegation under this section —
      (a) must be made by order in the Gazette;
      (b) may be general or limited;
      (c) may be subject to conditions that are consistent with the
          nature of the delegated function;
      (d) may be to a named person or to the holder of an office;
      (e) may be to 2 or more persons at the same time; and
      (f) does not prevent the responsible Minister from personally
          exercising the delegated function.
 (6) This section does not permit the delegation of —
      (a) any power to make subsidiary legislation; and

         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                    Interpretation Act 1965                             34
       (b) the power of delegation in this section.
 (7) A function delegated under this section may not be further
delegated by the delegate.
 (8) This section does not affect the operation of any rule of law by
which any function conferred or imposed on a Minister may be
exercised by another person on behalf of the Minister.
 (9) In this section —
       (a) “function” includes power and duty, and the exercise of a
           function includes the performance of a duty;
       (b) “public body” has the meaning given by section 2(1) of the
           Public Sector (Governance) Act 2018 (Act 5 of 2018), and
           “public officer” includes a person deemed to be a public
           officer by section 21(1) of that Act; and
           (c) a reference to an Act does not include any subsidiary
               legislation made under the Act.
                                                      [Act 4 of 2021 wef 01/03/2024]

Signing of documents
 37. Where in any written law any document is required to be under
the hand of or countersigned by a Minister in exercise of any powers
conferred thereby, it is sufficient for the document to be under the
hand of or signed or countersigned by the Permanent Secretary to the
Ministry for which the Minister is responsible or by any public officer
duly authorised in writing by the Minister.


                                    PART 5
                           PENAL PROVISIONS
Attempt to commit an offence to be deemed an offence
 38. A provision which constitutes an offence is, unless the contrary
intention appears, deemed to provide also that an attempt to commit
that offence shall be an offence against the provision, punishable as if
the offence itself had been committed.




             Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
35                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

Imposition of penalty not a bar to civil action
  39. The imposition of a penalty by any written law, in the absence
of express provision to the contrary, does not relieve any person from
liability to answer for damages to a person injured.

Provisions as to offences under 2 or more laws
 40. Where any act or omission constitutes an offence under 2 or
more written laws, the offender shall, unless the contrary intention
appears, be liable to be prosecuted and punished under any one of
those written laws but shall not be liable to be punished twice for the
same offence.

Penalties prescribed to be deemed maximum penalties
 41. Whenever in any written law a penalty is provided for an
offence, such provision implies that the offence shall be punishable
upon conviction by a penalty not exceeding (except as may be
otherwise expressly mentioned in the written law) the penalty
provided.


                               PART 5A
     PROVISIONS RELATING TO COURT PROCEEDINGS
Process for making applications to Court in civil proceedings
 41A.—(1) Where any written law that provides for an application
in any civil proceedings to be made to a Court —
      (a) does not prescribe the process by which the application is
          to be made; or
      (b) prescribes that the application is to be made by way of a
          petition, a motion, an originating motion or a summons in
          chambers,
that written law is, in relation to any such application that is made
thereunder on or after 1 April 2022, deemed to require that the
application must be made —




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                     Interpretation Act 1965                              36
           (c) by way of an originating application, if it commences the
               proceedings; or
                                                       [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

       (d) by way of a summons, if it is made in proceedings that are
           pending.
                                                                            [42/2005]
                                                       [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]
                                                       [Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]

 (2) Where pursuant to subsection (1) an application is made to a
Court under any written law by way of an originating application or a
summons —
       (a) the application must be made in accordance with the Rules
           of Court;
       (b) the Court may give to the parties to the application any
           directions that the Court thinks just and expedient for the
           purpose of facilitating the progress of the application as an
           application made by originating application or summons,
           as the case may be; and
                                                       [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

           (c) any provision in that written law that relates to the practice
               and procedure for making such an application and which is
               inconsistent with this section or with the Rules of Court
               has, to the extent of the inconsistency, no effect in relation
               to that application.
                                                                            [42/2005]
                                                       [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (3) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply to —
       (a) petitions of appeal; or
       (b) such other class or classes of applications to or proceedings
           in the Court as may be prescribed under subsection (7).
                                                                            [42/2005]

 (4) Nothing in this section prevents any relief obtainable by way of
an application to a Court under any written law from being included




              Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
37                      Interpretation Act 1965                         2020 Ed.

as one of the reliefs sought in an originating claim by which an action
is commenced before the Court.
                                                                       [42/2005]
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (5) To avoid doubt, any application that —
      (a) was made to a Court before 1 April 2022 under any written
          law to which subsection (1) applies; and
                                                  [Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]

      (b) is pending before the Court on or after that date,
continues, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, to proceed in
accordance with the provisions of the relevant written law and the
practice and procedure as were in force and applicable in relation to
that application immediately before that date, until the application is
finally disposed of by the Court.
                                                  [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]

 (6) In this section, “Court” means —
      (a) the Court of Appeal or a judge sitting in that Court;
      (b) the Appellate Division of the High Court or a judge sitting
          in that Division;
     (ba) the General Division of the High Court or a judge sitting in
          that Division;
      (c) a District Court;
      (d) a Magistrate’s Court; and
      (e) such other court as may be prescribed.
                                                     [42/2005; 42/2014; 40/2019]

 (7) The Minister charged with the responsibility for law may, by
order in the Gazette, prescribe —
      (a) the class or classes of applications to or proceedings in the
          Court to which this section does not apply; and
      (b) any other court in relation to which this section applies.
                                                                       [42/2005]




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                     Interpretation Act 1965                           38
Renaming of prerogative orders or writs
  41B. As from 1 January 2006, the prerogative orders or writs
issuable by the High Court as listed in the first column below are to be
referred to by the corresponding expressions as set out in the
second column and, in all written laws, the expressions as set out in
the second column are to be construed accordingly:
              First column              .            Second column
 (a) mandamus                               Mandatory Order
 (b) certiorari                             Quashing Order
 (c) prohibition                            Prohibiting Order
 (d) writ of habeas corpus                  Order for Review of Detention.
                                                                         [42/2005]

References to High Court before 2 January 2021
 41C. In any written law enacted or made before 2 January 2021 —
       (a) a provision that confers any jurisdiction or power on the
           High Court is, on or after that date, to be read as conferring
           that jurisdiction or power on the General Division of the
           High Court;
       (b) a reference to an appeal or other process to or from the
           High Court is, on or after that date, to be read as a reference
           to an appeal to or from the General Division of the High
           Court; and
           (c) a power to make subsidiary legislation in relation to
               proceedings in the High Court is, on or after that date, to be
               read as a power to make subsidiary legislation in relation to
               proceedings in both the General Division of the High Court
               and Appellate Division of the High Court.
                                                                         [40/2019]

References to writs, etc.
 41D.—(1) As from 1 April 2022, a reference in any written law to a
matter mentioned in the first column is to be construed as a reference


              Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
39                       Interpretation Act 1965                         2020 Ed.

to the corresponding expression in the second column, subject to the
exceptions in subsection (2) and section 41E:
           First column                         Second column
          Old expression                        New expression
(a) Writ of summons                   Originating claim
(b) Originating summons               Originating application
 (c) Subpoena                         Order to attend court
(d) Writ of execution                 Enforcement order
 (e) Writ of seizure and sale         Enforcement order for seizure
                                      and sale of property
 (f) Writ of possession               Enforcement order for
                                      possession of property
(g) Garnishee order                   Enforcement order for
                                      attachment of a debt
(h) Memorandum of appearance Notice of intention to contest or
                             not contest
 (i) Entry of appearance in           Filing and service of a notice of
     relation to a writ of            intention to contest or not contest
     summons
 (j) Leave of court                   Permission of court
 (k) Plaintiff                        Claimant
 (l) Ex parte application             Application without notice.
                                                   [Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]

 (2) Despite subsection (1), a reference in any written law to a matter
mentioned in the second column of the table in subsection (1) in
relation to any proceedings commenced before 15 October 2024 in
the Family Division of the High Court, a Family Court or a Youth
Court is to be construed as a reference to the corresponding
expression in the first column of that table.
                                                   [Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]

 (3) [Deleted by Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]

          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                              40
References to originating claims, etc., in relation to Singapore
International Commercial Court
 41E. As from 1 April 2022, a reference in any written law to a
matter mentioned in the first column in relation to any proceedings in
the Singapore International Commercial Court is to be construed as a
reference to the corresponding expression in the second column:
            First column                         Second column
 (a) Originating claim                 Originating application
 (b) Writ of summons                   Originating application
 (c) Notice of intention to contest Defendant’s statement
     or not contest
 (d) Memorandum of appearance Defendant’s statement
 (e) Filing and service of a notice Filing and service of a
     of intention to contest or not defendant’s statement
     contest
 (f) Entry of appearance in            Filing and service of a
     relation to a writ of             defendant’s statement.
     summons
                                                    [Act 25 of 2021 wef 01/04/2022]
                                                    [Act 19 of 2025 wef 05/12/2025]



                                  PART 6
                           MISCELLANEOUS
Powers of President, Minister or other authority to appoint
public officer to serve on board and to appoint chairperson
  42.—(1) Where under the provisions of any Act power is given to
the President, a Minister or any other authority to appoint any person
to be a member of any board, commission, committee or similar body,
it is lawful for the President, Minister or other authority, in the
absence of any provision to the contrary, to appoint, by his or her
official designation, any public officer.



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
41                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

 (2) On such appointment and until the appointment is cancelled or
otherwise determined, the person for the time being holding or
carrying out the duties of the office in question is a member of that
board, commission, committee or similar body.
 (3) Where under the provisions of any Act power is given to the
President, a Minister or any other authority to appoint any board,
commission, committee or similar body, it is lawful for the President,
Minister or other authority, in the absence of any provision to the
contrary, to appoint a chairperson of that board, commission,
committee or similar body.

Prima facie evidence of signature
 43. Where the fiat, authorisation or sanction of the President, a
Minister, the Attorney‑General, a Deputy Attorney‑General, the
Solicitor‑General, the Public Prosecutor, a Deputy Public Prosecutor
or any public officer is necessary before any prosecution or action is
commenced or for any purpose in connection with any proceeding,
any document purporting to bear the fiat, authorisation or sanction of
the President, Minister, Attorney‑General, Deputy Attorney‑General,
Solicitor‑General, Public Prosecutor, Deputy Public Prosecutor or
public officer (as the case may be) is to be received as prima facie
evidence in any proceeding without proof being given that the
signature to such fiat, authorisation or sanction is that of the
President, Minister, Attorney‑General, Deputy Attorney‑General,
Solicitor‑General, Public Prosecutor, Deputy Public Prosecutor or
public officer, as the case may be.
                                                                    [41/2014]

Public officers
 44. A reference in any written law to any public officer by the usual
or common title of his or her office is, if there is such an office
customarily in Singapore and unless the contrary intention appears, to
be read and construed as referring to the person for the time being
holding or carrying out the duties of that office in Singapore.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                     Interpretation Act 1965                     42
Act for which payment is required need not be performed until
payment is made
 45.—(1) Where any person, public officer, public department or
statutory authority is required to do anything for which a fee is to be
paid or a charge made under any written law, the person, public
officer, public department or statutory authority may decline to do
that thing —
       (a) until the fee is paid or payment is made; and
       (b) where the precise amount of the payment to be made
           cannot be ascertained until the thing is done, until there is
           paid an amount that may be estimated to be the correct
           amount by the person, public officer, public department or
           statutory authority required to do that thing.
 (2) Where a thing has been done for which an estimated amount has
been paid, the amount must be adjusted to the correct amount either
by means of a further payment or by a refund of the amount overpaid.

Fees or charges may be prescribed and may be reduced, varied,
remitted or refunded
  46.—(1) Where any act is required to be done or a service
performed by a public body, statutory authority or public officer
under or in connection with any written law, and no special provision
is made thereby or thereunder for making a charge in respect of the
act or service, the Minister may, by order published in the Gazette,
provide for the imposition of —
       (a) such fees or charges as he may consider proper;
       (b) the charges and penalties for the late payment of any fee or
           charge referred to in paragraph (a); and
           (c) the interest payable on any outstanding amount of any fee,
               charge or penalty referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) or for
               any payment thereof by instalment.
 (2) Any fee or charge, any charge or penalty for the late payment of
any fee or charge, and any interest payable on any outstanding
amount of any fee, charge or penalty or for any payment thereof by
instalment, under any written law made payable to the Government or

              Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
43                      Interpretation Act 1965                        2020 Ed.

to any public body, statutory authority or public officer (not being any
fee, charge, penalty or interest which is regulated by Rules of Court)
may by order of the Minister be reduced, remitted or refunded, in
whole or in part in the circumstances of any particular case.
                                                  [Act 4 of 2008 wef 01/04/2024]

Proceedings not to abate on death, etc., of official
 47. Any civil or criminal proceedings taken by or against any
person by virtue of his or her office are not discontinued or abated by
his or her death, resignation, absence or removal from office, but may
be carried on by or against (as the case may be) the person appointed
to perform the duties of the office.

The Gazette
 48.—(1) The Gazette is to be published by the authority of any
written law or of the Government.
 (2) The Gazette may be published in one or more forms, including
on the prescribed website, in any other electronic form and in print.
 (3) If a Gazette is published in 2 or more forms, that Gazette is
deemed to be published on the date on which that Gazette is first
published in any form.
 (4) The Gazette published in each of the following forms is to be
judicially noticed:
      (a) the Gazette published on the prescribed website on or after
          the appointed date;
      (b) the Gazette published in print;
      (c) any other form of the Gazette that is prescribed,
and, for the purpose of paragraph (b), reference may be made to any
printed document purporting to be the Gazette published by authority
and printed by the Government Printer.
 (5) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the Gazette published in each
of the forms mentioned in subsection (4) is, in all courts and for all
purposes, prima facie evidence of the matters published therein.




         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                             44
 (6) To the extent of any inconsistency, a Gazette published on the
prescribed website on or after the appointed date prevails over that
Gazette published in any other form on or after that date.
 (7) To the extent of any inconsistency, a Gazette published in print
before the appointed date prevails over that Gazette published in any
other form before that date.
 (8) The Minister charged with the responsibility for Government
publications may make regulations to prescribe any matter —
       (a) required or permitted by this section to be prescribed; and
       (b) for the purposes of carrying out this section.
 (9) In this section, “appointed date” means the date of
commencement of section 2 of the Electronic Gazette and
Legislation Act 2025.
                                                    [Act 5 of 2025 wef 09/03/2025]

Service of documents
 48A.—(1) Where a written law authorises or requires a document
to be served on a person, whether the expression “serve”, “give” or
“send” or any other expression is used, then, unless the contrary
intention appears, the document may be served —
       (a) in the case of an individual —
              (i) by delivering it to the individual personally; or
             (ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by prepaid post to,
                  the usual or last known address of the place of
                  residence or business of the individual;
       (b) in the case of a partnership —
              (i) by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer
                  of the partnership; or
             (ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by prepaid post to,
                  the principal or last known place of business of the
                  partnership in Singapore;




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
45                      Interpretation Act 1965                     2020 Ed.

      (c) in the case of a body corporate —
             (i) by delivering it to the secretary or other like officer
                 of the body corporate; or
            (ii) by leaving it at, or by sending it by prepaid post to,
                 the registered office or a principal office of the body
                 corporate in Singapore.
 (2) Nothing in subsection (1) —
      (a) affects the operation of any written law that authorises the
          service of a document otherwise than as provided in that
          subsection; or
      (b) affects the power of a court to authorise service of a
          document otherwise than as provided in that subsection.

Measurement of distance
 49. In the measurement of any distance for the purposes of any
written law, that distance must, unless the contrary intention appears,
be measured in a straight line on a horizontal plane.

Computation of time
 50. In computing time for the purposes of any written law, unless
the contrary intention appears —
      (a) a period of days from the happening of an event or the
          doing of any act or thing is deemed to be exclusive of the
          day on which the event happens or the act or thing is done;
      (b) if the last day of the period is a Sunday or a public holiday
          (which days are called in this section excluded days) the
          period includes the next following day not being an
          excluded day;
      (c) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be
          done or taken on a certain day, then, if that day happens to
          be an excluded day, the act or proceeding is considered as
          done or taken in due time if it is done or taken on the next
          day afterwards, not being an excluded day;



         Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
2020 Ed.                  Interpretation Act 1965                     46
       (d) when any act or proceeding is directed or allowed to be
           done or taken within any time not exceeding 6 days,
           excluded days must not be reckoned in the computation of
           the time.

Standard time
 51.—(1) Where any expression of time occurs in any written law or
in any instrument and whenever the doing or not doing anything at a
certain time of the day or night or during a certain part of the day or
night has an effect in law, that time is, unless it is otherwise
specifically stated, held to be standard time as declared by this
section.
 (2) “Standard time” means standard time as used in Singapore,
namely, 8 hours, or such other period as may from time to time be
determined by the President by notification in the Gazette, in advance
of Coordinated Universal Time.

Provision when no time prescribed
  52. Where no time is prescribed or allowed within which anything
is to be done, that thing is to be done with all convenient speed and as
often as the prescribed occasion arises.

Construction of power of extending time
 53. Where in any written law a time is prescribed for doing any act
or taking any proceeding and power is given to a court or other
authority to extend the time, unless the contrary intention appears, the
power may be exercised by the court or other authority although the
application for the extension is not made until after the expiration of
the time prescribed.

Saving of rights of Government
 54. No Act affects in any manner the rights of the Government
unless it is therein expressly provided, or unless it appears by
necessary implication, that the Government is bound thereby.

Act to bind Government
 55. This Act binds the Government.

           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                        LEGISLATIVE HISTORY
                     INTERPRETATION ACT 1965
 This Legislative History is a service provided by the Law Revision Commission
on a best-efforts basis. It is not part of the Act.

             PICTORIAL OVERVIEW OF PREDECESSOR ACTS




                     LEGISLATIVE HISTORY DETAILS
                                 PART 1
                      INTERPRETATION ORDINANCE
                   (CHAPTER 2, 1936 REVISED EDITION)
 1. Act XIV of 1867 — Interpretation Act, 1867
     Bill                            :    Information not available
     First and Second Readings       :    26 June 1867
     Notice of Amendments            :    26 June 1867
     Third Reading                   :    1 July 1867
     Commencement                    :    1 July 1867 (passed)
 2. Ordinance I of 1868 — Interpretation Amendment Ordinance, 1868
     Bill                            :    Information not available
     First Reading                   :    6 May 1868
     Second Reading                  :    18 May 1868
     Third Reading                   :    28 May 1868
     Commencement                    :    28 May 1868 (passed)
 3. Ordinance I of 1888 — The General Clauses Ordinance 1888
     Bill                            :    G.N. No. 638/1887
     First Reading                   :    15 December 1887
     Second Reading                  :    21 December 1887
     Notice of Amendments            :    26 January 1888
     Third Reading                   :    26 January 1888


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                       ii
   Commencement                    :        26 January 1888
4. Ordinance IX of 1888 — The General Clauses Amendment
                          Ordinance, 1888
   Bill                            :        G.N. No. 553/1888
   First Reading                   :        4 October 1888
   Second Reading                  :        18 October 1888
   Third Reading                   :        26 October 1888
   Commencement                    :        26 October 1888
5. Ordinance XVIII of 1910 — The General Clauses Ordinance 1888
                             Amendment Ordinance 1910
   Bill                            :        G.N. No. 586/1910
   First Reading                   :        6 May 1910
   Second Reading                  :        27 May 1910
   Notice of Amendments            :        24 June 1910
   Third Reading                   :        24 June 1910
   Commencement                    :        7 July 1910
6. Ordinance VI of 1912 — The Interpretation Ordinance 1912
   Bill                            :        G.N. No. 522/1912
   First Reading                   :        10 May 1912
   Second Reading                  :        17 May 1912
   Notice of Amendments            :        9 August 1912
   Third Reading                   :        9 August 1912
   Commencement                    :        30 August 1912
7. Ordinance 27 of 1920 — Interpretation Ordinance, 1912 (Amendment)
                          Ordinance, 1920
   Bill                            :        G.N. No. 1587/1920
   First Reading                   :        13 October 1920
   Second Reading                  :        25 October 1920
   Third Reading                   :        3 November 1920
   Commencement                    :        19 November 1920




          Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        iii
 8. 1920 Revised Edition — Ordinance No. 131 (Interpretation)
    Operation                       :         28 November 1921
 9. Ordinance 26 of 1921 — Statute Laws (Revised Edition) Operation
                           Ordinance, 1921
    (Amendments made by section 3(a) read with Schedule B to the above
    Ordinance)
    Bill                            :         G.N. No. 1854/1921
    First and Second Readings       :         22 November 1921
    Notice of Amendments            :         22 November 1921
    Third Reading                   :         22 November 1921
    Commencement                    :         28 November 1921 (section 3(a) read
                                              with Schedule B)
10. 1926 Revised Edition — Ordinance No. 131 (Interpretation)
    Operation                       :         1 August 1926
11. Ordinance 29 of 1933 — Interpretation (Amendment) Ordinance, 1933
    Bill                            :         G.N. No. 1867/1933
    First Reading                   :         2 October 1933
    Second Reading                  :         25 October 1933
    Notice of Amendments            :         25 October 1933
    Third Reading                   :         25 October 1933
    Commencement                    :         10 November 1933
12. Ordinance 29 of 1934 — The Interpretation (Amendment)
                           Ordinance, 1934
    Bill                            :         G.N. No. 742/1934
    First Reading                   :         16 April 1934
    Second Reading                  :         28 May 1934
    Notice of Amendments            :         28 May 1934
    Third Reading                   :         28 May 1934
    Commencement                    :         29 June 1934
13. Ordinance 37 of 1934 — Interpretation (Amendment No. 2)
                           Ordinance, 1934
    Bill                            :         G.N. No. 2122/1934


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                         iv
     First Reading                   :        24 September 1934
     Second and Third Readings       :        17 October 1934
     Commencement                    :        2 November 1934
14. Ordinance 63 of 1935 — Statute Law Revision Ordinance, 1935
    (Amendments made by section 2 read with item (o) of the First Schedule to
    the above Ordinance)
     Bill                            :        G.N. No. 3043/1935
     First Reading                   :        20 November 1935
     Second Reading                  :        9 December 1935
     Notice of Amendments            :        9 December 1935
     Third Reading                   :        9 December 1935
     Commencement                    :        31 December 1935 (section 2 read
                                              with item (o) of the First Schedule)
15. 1936 Revised Edition — Interpretation Ordinance (Chapter 2)
     Operation                       :        1 September 1936

                                 PART 2
                     INTERPRETATION AND GENERAL
                         CLAUSES ORDINANCE
                   (CHAPTER 2, 1955 REVISED EDITION)
16. M. Ordinance 7 of 1948 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                             Ordinance, 1948
     Commencement                    :        31 January 1948
     Application                     :        16 September 1963
     Note: This Ordinance had effect in Singapore for the interpretation of the
           laws of the Federation specified in the First Schedule to the
           Modification of Laws (Internal Security and Public Order)
           (Singapore) Order, 1963 (L.N. 231/1963 (G.N. Sp. No. S 4/1963)),
           with effect from 16 September 1963.

17. Ordinance 4 of 1951 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                          Ordinance, 1951
     Bill                            :        G.N. No. S 30/1950
     First Reading                   :        22 February 1950
     Second Reading                  :        21 March 1950


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        v
    Select Committee Report         :       Council Paper No. 88 of 1950
    Third Reading                   :       19 December 1950
    Commencement                    :       9 January 1951
18. Ordinance 18 of 1952 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                           (Amendment) Ordinance, 1952
    Bill                            :       16/1952
    First Reading                   :       20 May 1952
    Second and Third Readings       :       17 June 1952
    Commencement                    :       23 June 1952
19. G.N. No. S 93/1955 — Singapore Colony Order in Council, 1955
                         (Consequential Provisions) (Council of Ministers)
                         Order, 1955
    Commencement                    :       4 April 1955
20. Ordinance 16 of 1955 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                           (Amendment) Ordinance, 1955
    Bill                            :       2/1955
    First Reading                   :       25 May 1955
    Second and Third Readings       :       29 June 1955
    Commencement                    :       1 July 1955
21. 1955 Revised Edition — Interpretation and General Clauses Ordinance
                           (Chapter 2)
    Operation                       :       1 July 1956
22. G.N. No. S 367/1957 (S.I. 2166/1957) — Christmas Island Order in
                                           Council, 1957
    Commencement                    :       1 January 1958
23. Ordinance 2 of 1958 — Federation of Malaya Independence
                          (Consequential Provisions) Ordinance, 1958
    (Amendments made by section 3 of the above Ordinance)
    Bill                            :       125/1957
    First Reading                   :       13 December 1957
    Second Reading                  :       8 January 1958
    Notice of Amendments            :       8 January 1958
    Third Reading                   :       8 January 1958


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        vi
    Commencement                    :        20 January 1958 (section 3)
24. G.N. No. S 222/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of Laws)
                          (Interpretation and General Clauses Ordinance)
                          Order, 1959
    Commencement                    :        3 June 1959
25. G.N. No. S (N.S.) 67/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of
                                Laws) (No. 2) Order, 1959
    Commencement                    :        21 August 1959
26. G.N. No. S (N.S.) 178/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of
                                 Laws) (No. 4) Order, 1959
    Commencement                    :        20 November 1959
27. G.N. No. S (N.S.) 179/1959 — Singapore Constitution (Modification of
                                 Laws) (No. 5) Order, 1959
    Commencement                    :        20 November 1959
28. Ordinance 71 of 1959 — Transfer of Powers Ordinance, 1959
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Ordinance)
    Bill                            :        30/1959
    First Reading                   :        22 September 1959
    Second and Third Readings       :        11 November 1959
    Commencement                    :        20 November 1959 (section 2)
29. Ordinance 2 of 1960 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                          (Amendment) Ordinance, 1960
    Bill                            :        43/1959
    First Reading                   :        10 December 1959
    Second and Third Readings       :        13 January 1960
    Commencement                    :        27 January 1960
30. Ordinance 52 of 1960 — Interpretation and General Clauses
                           (Amendment No. 2) Ordinance, 1960
    Bill                            :        92/1960
    First Reading                   :        21 September 1960
    Second and Third Readings       :        20 October 1960
    Commencement                    :        28 October 1960



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                         vii
31. G.N. Sp. No. S 45/1963 — State Laws (Modification) Order, 1963
     Commencement                    :         16 September 1963
32. L.N. 231/1963 (G.N. Sp. No. S 4/1963) — Modification of Laws (Internal
                                            Security and Public Order)
                                            (Singapore) Order, 1963
     Commencement                    :         16 September 1963
     Note: This Order stated that the Malayan Union Interpretation and General
           Clauses Ordinance (M. Ordinance 7 of 1948) shall have effect in
           Singapore for the interpretation of the laws of the Federation
           specified in the First Schedule to this Order.

33. L.N. 361/1964 (G.N. Sp. No. S 188/1964) — Modification of Laws
                                              (General Provisions)
                                              (Singapore) Order, 1964
     Commencement                    :         16 September 1963
                                 PART 3
                        INTERPRETATION ACT 1965
                         (2020 REVISED EDITION)
34. Act 10 of 1965 — Interpretation Act, 1965
     Bill                            :         45/1965
     First Reading                   :         13 December 1965
     Second and Third Readings       :         22 December 1965
     Commencement                    :         28 December 1965
35. Act 14 of 1969 — Statute Law Revision Act, 1969
    (Amendments made by section 2 read with the First Schedule to the above
    Act)
     Bill                            :         22/1969
     First Reading                   :         15 October 1969
     Second Reading                  :         22 December 1969
     Notice of Amendments            :         22 December 1969
     Third Reading                   :         22 December 1969
     Commencement                    :         2 January 1970 (section 2 read with
                                               the First Schedule)
36. 1970 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act (Chapter 3)
     Operation                       :         1 March 1971


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                         viii
37. 1985 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act (Chapter 1)
     Operation                       :          30 March 1987
38. Act 11 of 1991 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1991
    (Amendments made by section 2 read with item (1) of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                            :          4/1991
     First Reading                   :          3 January 1991
     Second Reading                  :          14 January 1991
     Notice of Amendments            :          14 January 1991
     Third Reading                   :          14 January 1991
     Commencement                    :          30 November 1991 (section 2 read
                                                with item (1) of the Schedule)
39. Act 11 of 1993 — Interpretation (Amendment) Act 1993
     Bill                            :          4/1993
     First Reading                   :          18 January 1993
     Second and Third Readings       :          26 February 1993
     Commencement                    :          16 April 1993
40. Act 16 of 1993 — Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1993
    (Amendments made by section 29(1) and section 29(5) read with item (1) of
    the Schedule to the above Act)
     Bill                            :          12/1993
     First Reading                   :          26 February 1993
     Second Reading                  :          12 April 1993
     Notice of Amendments            :          12 April 1993
     Third Reading                   :          12 April 1993
     Commencement                    :          1 July 1993 (section 29(1) and
                                                section 29(5) read with item (1) of the
                                                Schedule)
41. Act 6 of 1994 — Revised Edition of the Laws (Amendment) Act 1994
    (Amendments made by section 7(1) of the above Act)
     Bill                            :          7/1994
     First Reading                   :          16 March 1994
     Second and Third Readings       :          23 May 1994


            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        ix
    Commencement                    :        1 July 1994 (section 7(1))
42. Act 4 of 1996 — Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Act 1995
    (Amendments made by section 4 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :        37/1995
    First Reading                   :        1 November 1995
    Second and Third Readings       :        5 December 1995
    Commencement                    :        26 January 1996 (section 4)
43. 1997 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act (Chapter 1)
    Operation                       :        30 May 1997
44. Act 7 of 1997 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 1997
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :        6/1997
    First Reading                   :        11 July 1997
    Second and Third Readings       :        25 August 1997
    Commencement                    :        1 October 1997 (section 2)
45. Act 25 of 1998 — Electronic Transactions Act 1998
    (Amendments made by section 63 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :        23/1998
    First Reading                   :        1 June 1998
    Second and Third Readings       :        29 June 1998
    Commencement                    :        10 July 1998 (section 63)
46. Act 22 of 1998 — Interpretation (Amendment) Act 1998
    Bill                            :        17/1997
    First Reading                   :        19 November 1997
    Second Reading                  :        14 January 1998
    Select Committee Report         :        Parl. 3 of 1998
    Third Reading                   :        30 June 1998
    Commencement                    :        2 November 1998
47. 1999 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act (Chapter 1)
    Operation                       :        1 August 1999




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        x
48. Act 28 of 2000 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments and Repeal) Act
                     2000
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :       22/2000
    First Reading                   :       25 August 2000
    Second and Third Readings       :       9 October 2000
    Commencement                    :       1 November 2000 (section 2)
49. Act 26 of 2001 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments and Repeal) Act
                     2001
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :       24/2001
    First Reading                   :       11 July 2001
    Second and Third Readings       :       25 July 2001
    Commencement                    :       1 September 2001 (section 2)
50. 2002 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act (Chapter 1)
    Operation                       :       31 December 2002
51. Act 9 of 2003 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2003
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :       7/2003
    First Reading                   :       20 March 2003
    Second and Third Readings       :       24 April 2003
    Commencement                    :       16 May 2003 (section 2)
52. Act 45 of 2004 — Trustees (Amendment) Act 2004
    (Amendments made by section 25(1) of the above Act)
    Bill                            :       43/2004
    First Reading                   :       21 September 2004
    Second and Third Readings       :       19 October 2004
    Commencement                    :       15 December 2004 (section 25(1))
53. Act 42 of 2005 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No. 2) Act 2005
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :       30/2005
    First Reading                   :       17 October 2005



           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                         xi
     Second and Third Readings       :        21 November 2005
     Commencement                    :        1 January 2006 (section 2)
54. Act 5 of 2014 — Subordinate Courts (Amendment) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 11(9) read with item 1 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                            :        26/2013
     First Reading                   :        11 November 2013
     Second and Third Readings       :        21 January 2014
     Commencement                    :        7 March 2014 (section 11(9) read with
                                              item (1) of the Schedule)
55. Act 27 of 2014 — Family Justice Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 48 of the above Act)
     Bill                            :        21/2014
     First Reading                   :        8 July 2014
     Second Reading                  :        4 August 2014
     Notice of Amendments            :        4 August 2014
     Third Reading                   :        4 August 2014
     Commencement                    :        1 October 2014 (section 48(a) and (c))
                                              1 January 2015 (section 48(b))
56. Act 41 of 2014 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments — Deputy
                     Attorney-General) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 2 of the above Act)
     Bill                            :        37/2014
     First Reading                   :        7 October 2014
     Second and Third Readings       :        4 November 2014
     Commencement                    :        1 January 2015 (section 2)
57. Act 42 of 2014 — Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2014
    (Amendments made by section 16 read with item 1 of the Schedule to the
    above Act)
     Bill                            :        38/2014
     First Reading                   :        7 October 2014
     Second and Third Readings       :        4 November 2014




            Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        xii
    Commencement                    :         1 January 2015 (section 16 read with
                                              item 1 of the Schedule)
58. Act 5 of 2018 — Public Sector (Governance) Act 2018
    (Amendments made by section 45 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :         45/2017
    First Reading                   :         6 November 2017
    Second Reading                  :         8 January 2018
    Notice of Amendments            :         8 January 2018
    Third Reading                   :         8 January 2018
    Commencement                    :         1 April 2018 (section 45)
59. Act 19 of 2018 — Criminal Justice Reform Act 2018
    (Amendments made by section 123 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :         14/2018
    First Reading                   :         28 February 2018
    Second and Third Readings       :         19 March 2018
    Commencement                    :         17 September 2018 (section 123)
60. Act 40 of 2019 — Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2019
    (Amendments made by section 25 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :         32/2019
    First Reading                   :         7 October 2019
    Second Reading                  :         5 November 2019
    Notice of Amendments            :         5 November 2019
    Third Reading                   :         5 November 2019
    Commencement                    :         2 January 2021 (section 25)
61. Act 4 of 2021 — Statute Law Reform Act 2021
    (Amendments made by sections 11 and 12 of the above Act)
    Bill                            :         45/2020
    First Reading                   :         3 November 2020
    Second and Third Readings       :         5 January 2021
    Commencement                    :         1 March 2021 (section 11)
62. 2020 Revised Edition — Interpretation Act 1965
    Operation                       :         31 December 2021


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        xiii
63. Act 33 of 2021 — Judicial Service (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2021
    Bill                            :          30/2021
    First Reading                   :          4 October 2021
    Second and Third Readings       :          3 November 2021
    Commencement                    :          14 January 2022
64. Act 24 of 2022 — Singapore Armed Forces and Other Matters Act 2022
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
    Bill                            :          15/2022
    First Reading                   :          4 July 2022
    Second and Third Readings       :          2 August 2022
    Commencement                    :          28 October 2022
65. Act 31 of 2022 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2022
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
    Bill                            :          24/2022
    First Reading                   :          12 September 2022
    Second and Third Readings       :          3 October 2022
    Commencement                    :          1 November 2022
66. Act 4 of 2021 — Statute Law Reform Act 2021
    Bill                            :          45/2020
    First Reading                   :          3 November 2020
    Second and Third Readings       :          5 January 2021
    Commencement                    :          1 March 2024
67. Act 4 of 2008 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2008
    Bill                            :          49/2007
    First Reading                   :          12 November 2007
    Second and Third Readings       :          22 January 2008
    Commencement                    :          1 April 2024
68. Act 25 of 2021 — Courts (Civil and Criminal Justice) Reform Act 2021
    Bill                            :          18/2021
    First Reading                   :          26 July 2021
    Second and Third Readings       :          14 September 2021


           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                        xiv
    Commencement                    :         1 April 2022
                                              15 October 2024
69. Act 32 of 2024 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) (No. 2) Act 2024
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
    Bill                            :         28/2024
    First Reading                   :         9 September 2024
    Second and Third Readings       :         14 October 2024
    Commencement                    :         25 November 2024
70. Act 5 of 2025 — Electronic Gazette and Legislation Act 2025
    Bill                            :         47/2024
    First Reading                   :         11 November 2024
    Second and Third Readings       :         7 January 2025
    Commencement                    :         9 March 2025
71. Act 19 of 2025 — Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act 2025
    (Amendments made by the above Act)
    Bill                            :         9/2025
    First Reading                   :         22 September 2025
    Second and Third Readings       :         15 October 2025
    Commencement                    :         5 December 2025




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
                                      xv
                                 Abbreviations
.                   (updated on 29 August 2022)
G.N.                Gazette Notification
G.N. Sp.            Gazette Notification (Special Supplement)
L.A.                Legislative Assembly
L.N.                Legal Notification (Federal/Malaysian)
M.                  Malaya/Malaysia (including Federated Malay States,
                    Malayan Union, Federation of Malaya and Federation of
                    Malaysia)
Parl.               Parliament
S                   Subsidiary Legislation
S.I.                Statutory Instrument (United Kingdom)
S (N.S.)            Subsidiary Legislation (New Series)
S.S.G.G.            Straits Settlements Government Gazette
S.S.G.G. (E)        Straits Settlements Government Gazette (Extraordinary)




           Informal Consolidation – version in force from 5/12/2025
