Between:
CODEX INSURANCE LIMITED (“us”)
and
________________ (“You”)
This policy is provided on the following terms and conditions:
POLICY IN EFFECT AND CONDITIONS
1.1 The payment of any benefit under this policy is conditioned on the policy being in effect at the time
of the hospitalization for sickness or accidental injury on which the claim for such benefit is premised.
The policy will be in effect if:
1. This agreement is signed,
2. The applicable premium for the policy period has been paid, and
3. The condition set out in Section 1.3 is still pending or has been satisfied in a timely fashion, and
4. The policy has not been canceled.
1.2 Cancelation will be deemed to have occurred if there is fraud, or any misrepresentation or material
withholding of any information provided by you to the Company in connection with any communication
or information relating to this policy, or if the condition set out in Section 1.3 has not been satisfied in a
timely fashion. It will also be automatically canceled at midnight, US Eastern time then in effect, on the
last day of the policy term described in Section 5 below.
1.3 No later than the 7th month anniversary of the effective date of this policy, you will supply us with
written confirmation from the medical provider in question of a wellness visit for yourself with a qualified
medical provider occurring no later than the 6th month anniversary of the effective date of this policy.
GENERAL EXCLUSIONS
2.1 Your policy will not apply to, and no benefit will be paid with respect to, any event causing sickness
or accidental injury arising directly or indirectly out of:
1. Skydiving; or
2. Service in the military; or
3. Service as a fire fighter; or
4. Service in the police; or
5. If your age at the time of the hospitalization is equal to or greater than 80 years of age.
GENERAL CONDITIONS
3.1 Where does Your Policy apply?
3.1.1 Your Policy insures You twenty-four (24) hours a day anywhere in the world.
3.2 Arbitration
3.2.1 If any dispute or disagreement arises regarding any matter pertaining to or concerning this Policy,
the dispute or disagreement must be referred to arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the
Arbitration Act (Cap. 10) and any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof then in force, such
arbitration to be commenced within three (3) months from the day such parties are unable to settle the
dispute or difference. If You fail to commence arbitration in accordance with this clause, it is agreed
that any cause of action and any right to make a claim that You have or may have against Us shall be
extinguished completely. Where there is a dispute or disagreement, the issuance of a valid arbitration
award shall also be a condition precedent to our liability under this Policy. In no case shall You seek
to recover on this Policy before the expiration of sixty (60) days after written proof of claim has been
submitted to Us in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
3.3 Laws of New York
3.3.1 Your Policy is governed by the laws of New York.
3.4 US Currency
3.4.1 All payments by You to Us and by Us to You or someone else under your policy must be in United
States currency.
3.5 Premium
3.5.1 The premium described in Section 5 below shall be paid in one lump sum at the signing of the
policy.
3.6 Policy Term The term of this policy will begin on the date accepted by Us as signified by our
signature of the policy (the effective date) and will last for a period of one year from that date, unless
previously canceled pursuant to Section 1 above.
